# web-app

# Prerequisite
    1. For runing webapp you need docker-compose in your machine. d
    2. Any browser. However, I'd recomend Google Chrome Or Firefox.
    3. Git. it is necesary to pull the docker-compose file.

# How to start web-app?
    1. Clone this project in your local machine.
    2. Using yout terminal go to your docker-compose file was pulled.
    3. Type this in your terminal: docker-compose up you're going to see 
        all the logs generated by: web-app-be and web-app-fe 
        [this process will take some time until both images are downloaded from hub.docker]
    4. Once docker-compose has finished to download the images and run the application, you can,
        using your browser, ingress to the follwing url: http://localhost:4200


# What app-be has exposed?
    app-be has exposed a total of threes endpoints which will be described next:
      1. GET: /portfolio-information/{portfolio-id}
          This will return all information stored in portfolio table.
      2. PUT: /portfolio-information
          This endpoint is encharged of updating information of an specific portfolio.
          You'll need to provide and body [There is one body example in the section #Resources]
          This endpoint updates both 'description' and 'title' the other fields are not being updated
          to not affect others.
      3. GET: /twitter-time-line/{search}
          This endpoint will receive a string with the information to be looked for in twitter.


# Resources
    1. Body example:
        {
          "id": 2,
          "description": "The Mother of Dragons",
          "imageURL": "https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1117967801652617216/i8PWXebo_400x400.jpg",
          "twitterUserName": "Daenerys",
          "title": "Daenerys Targaryen"
        }
    
